README.md, before:

# Professional README Generator

## Description

This project is designed to quickly and easy create README.md files. With a single terminal command and after answering a few questions, a file will be created with the user's inputs!

## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [License](#license)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Tests](#tests)
- [Questions](#questions)

## Installation

No installation needed!

## Usage

The goal of this project is to avoid writing the same code to create similar .md files.

## License

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

## Contributing

If you would like to contribute to the development of this project, contact me using one of the methods below.

## Tests

1. Clone the repo.
2. In the terminal, navigate to /README-Generator and type: node index.js
3. Answer the questions in the terminal.
4. View your new README.md file in the Output folder!

## Questions

If you have any questions don't hesitate to contact me:

Github: https://github.com/PaulGibes?tab=repositories

Email: paulgibes@gmail.com

Commit message:

added screenshot, collaborators section, and updated readme

README.md, after:

# Professional README Generator

## Description

This project is designed to quickly and easy create README.md files. The goal of this project is to avoid writing the same code to create similar README files.

## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [License](#license)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Tests](#tests)
- [Questions](#questions)

## Installation

No installation needed!

## Usage

With a single terminal command and after answering a few questions, a file will be created with the user's inputs!

![Screenshot of the deployed project](./Assets/images/readmeScreenshot.PNG)

## License

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

## Collaborators

Currently there are no collaborators.

## Contributing

If you would like to contribute to the development of this project, contact me using one of the methods below.

## Tests

1. Clone the repo.
2. In the terminal, navigate to /README-Generator and type: node index.js
3. Answer the questions in the terminal.
4. View your new README.md file in the Output folder!

## Questions

If you have any questions don't hesitate to contact me:

Github: https://github.com/PaulGibes?tab=repositories

Email: paulgibes@gmail.com
